The game should be able to pull questions from a a separate quesiton file.   The file should contain the question title, the question itself and then the possible answers, and a field for the correct answer (i.e. A,B,C,D).  I want you to create a page that can randomly display 5 questions from the question database.  The questions should be displayed one at a time.   If the user answers the wrong answer they are shown a prompt to try again.  When the user gets the right answer they can move on to the next question.  The game ends when the users answers their 5th question correctly.   Below is a list of question that you can use to populate the file.  The correct answer is in BOLD.


Red Stripe has been interwoven with Jamaica’s culture since its beginning. In what year was the first Red Stripe branded beer brewed?
1918
1928
1935
True or False: The iconic shape of the Red Stripe bottle is called a stubby.
True or False: Red Stripe offers a Christmas lager that capitalizes on the sweet and spicy taste of sorrel, a Jamaican favorite.
True or False: Portmore, Jamaica is home to a museum dedicated to famous Jamaican singer Bob Marley.


In September 2016, Red Stripe celebrated the shipment of the first container of its beer to be exported to the U.S. in how many years?
10
6
4 
Red Stripe embodies
Good vibes
Jamaican pride
All the above
True or False: Jamaica has its own local dialect called Patois.
Which of the following is not a nickname for Jamaica?
The “Rock”
Jamdown
The “Island”

True or False: Red Stripe gets its name from the red stripes on the Jamaican flag.
Many Red Stripes were consumed in this year, in celebration of Jamaica gaining independence.
1953
1958
1962
For a few years, production of the U.S. supply of Red Stripe was moved from Jamaica to which U.S. state?
Pennsylvania
Connecticut
New York
True or False: Red Stripe first arrived in the United States in green bottles instead of their iconic squat brown bottles.


What is the capital of Jamaica?
Montego Bay
Kingston
Port Antonio
True or False: Jamaica is famous for its jerk spice, which is an integral part of their cuisine. 
True or False: While some of the James Bond novels cite Jamaica as the setting, none of the movies have been filmed on the island.
Red Stripe introduced its stubby bottle to Jamaica in what year?
1965
1928
1938


True or False: Similar to the U.S., Jamaica drivers drive on the right side of the road.
The following music genres all originated in Jamaica, except
Ska
Reggae
Hip-hop
True or False: Reggae music is driven by the piano and drums.
True or False: Red Stripe is brewed with just three ingredients.
